Improve README from onboarding notes (#4247)
viamrobotics/docs: README.md

You can build the docs for local development using the following command:

> ```console

Reviewer: [q] Why change all of these?

Author: Think of it kind of like our `command-line` styling in the docs, where we include a prompt character ($) to indicate an interactive snippet, but a full shell script (even a one-liner) doesn't include the prompt. It's a subtle piece of UX, and currently the GitHub markdown preview doesn't do anything special with it, but technically it could someday. And in the meantime, it's very very very slightly better for folks with screen readers, so I try to follow the convention when possible (and spread the word, now you've hopefully been infected by the `console` mind-virus).

make serve-dev
```

To see the production view (without drafts and with minified CSS), run:

```console
make serve-prod
```

> [!TIP]
> You can also run `hugo serve` after installing Hugo to show the production view.

### Generate HTML docs

To generate the full HTML version of the docs, run:

```console
make build-prod
```

You can serve the resulting docs with:

```console
python3 -m http.server 9000 --directory public
```

## Test the docs locally

### Python snippets

> To ensure all python snippets are properly formatted before creating a commit, install [flake8-markdown](https://github.com/johnfraney/flake8-markdown):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure all Python snippets are properly formatted before creating a commit, install [flake8-markdown](https://github.com/johnfraney/flake8-markdown):
```
[out-of-diff nit]

```

If you don't already have a `.git/hooks/pre-commit` file in your `docs` git repo directory, you can copy the existing `pre-commit.sample` file in that directory as `pre-commit` to use the sample template, or create a new `pre-commit` file in that directory with the above content.
If you create a new file, you must also make it executable with: `chmod +x /path/to/my/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.

### Check markdown formatting

To ensure your markdown is properly formatted, run:

```console
make markdowntest docs/**/*`
```

### Check for broken links

To check locally for broken links, install [`htmltest`](https://github.com/wjdp/htmltest):

```console

> brew install htmltest

Reviewer: Nice! However, [opt] could mention this is for mac and/or point non-mac users in the right direction. Majority of employees are using macs but external contributors and a handful of Viam folks have other machines.

Author: Very very true. However, most of the rest of the docs don't cater to non-macOS users, and honestly when I used Linux for work I ironically found the brew formula registry (https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/htmltest in this case) one of the best ways to find install steps for Linux, because the pages are short, simple, and always link to the source code and project homepage.

Backlog addition: add info for Linux users throughout the README. I just wish GFM (github-flavored markdown) would add support for tabs, because lining up installation instructions for each platform sequentially is kind of a pain.

Reviewer: Interesting. Yeah this readme doesn't have to cater to Linux now, but I'm surprised you say the docs in general don't--most machines run on Linux (e.g. Pi)!

```

Then, and run `make htmltest`.

### Lint JS and Markdown files with Prettier on save

1. Install the [Prettier VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode).
1. Run `npm install` in the docs folder where you have the docs checked out.

> 1. Inside VS code, open the _user_ `settings.json` file by pressing `CMD+SHIFT+P`, typing 'settings', selecting **Open User Settings (JSON)**, and appending the following settings to the end of the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inside VS code, open the _user_ `settings.json` file: Press `CMD+SHIFT+P`, type 'settings', select **Open User Settings (JSON)**, and append the following settings to the end of the file:
```
[opt]

Author: 👏 damn the ~torpedoes~ gerunds, full speed ahead!

## Publishing

> The docs automatically publish when a PR merges to the `main` branch.

Reviewer: If you want to make it active voice, maybe say something about how a GitHub workflow builds and publishes the docs, since the docs don't quite publish themselves?

Author: Great point. I overdid it here, should attribute the action to a GitHub workflow instead:

```suggestion
A GitHub workflow automatically publishes the docs to `https://docs.viam.com/` when new commits appear in the `main` branch.
```
